What is HP ALM (Quality Center) used for? Or What are the benefits and features of Quality Center?;HP ALM/ Quality Center is a comprehensive test management tool. It is a web-based tool and supports high level of communication and association among various stakeholders (Business Analyst, Developers , Testers etc. ) , driving a more effective and efficient global application-testing process.
What is the difference between TestDirector and Quality Center?;Quality Center is upgraded version of Test Director built by the same vendor Mercury (Now acquired by HP).Test Director Version 8.2 onwards is know as Quality Center. Quality Center is has enhanced Security/Test management /Defect management features when compared to Test Director.
 What is the difference between Quality Center and Bugzilla?;Quality Center is a test management tool which can also manage Defects apart from other features. BugZilla is Defect Management tool only.
What is the Purpose of Creating Child Requirement in TD /QC?;By Creating Child requirements to the main requirement you can evaluate the sub requirements related to the main requirements. You can link test sets and defects to the sub-requirements.  This helps in 100% test coverage and its analysis.
 What is Test Lab;In order to execute a Test Case (Developed in the Test Plan Module) either manual or automated it needs to imported into Test Lab Module. In sum, Test Cases are created in Test Plan Module while they are executed in Test Lab Module.
What is meant by Instance;A Test Case imported from Test Plan module to Test Lab module is called an Instance of that test case. It is possible to have multiple instances of the same Test Case in the Test Lab Module.
Is it possible to maintain test data in Quality Center;Yes. One can attach the test data to the corresponding test cases or create a separate folder in test plan to store them.
How to ensure that there is no duplication of bugs in Quality Center;In the defect tracking window of QC,  there is a “find similar defect” icon. When this icon is clicked after writing the defect, if anybody else has entered the same defect then it points it out.
"What will be the status in Quality Center if you give ""Suggestion"" to the Developer";"You can give ""Suggestion"" to the developer using the Comments sections provided in QC. This is will not change the current status of Defect in QC. In sum, the status of the defect remains the same,  as that  before giving suggestion to the developer."
How will you generate the defect ID in Quality Center;The Defect ID is automatically generated after clicking Submit button.
 Is 'Not covered' and 'Not run' status the same;Not Covered status means all those requirements for which the test cases are not written whereas Not Run status means all those requirements for which test cases are written but are not run.
How to import test cases from Excel / Word  to Quality Center;1.Install and Configure the Microsoft Excel / Word Add-In for Quality Center. 2. Map the Columns in  Word / Excel spreadsheet with Columns available  in  Quality Center 3.Export the data from Word/Excel to Quality Center Using Tools >Export to Quality Center Option in Word/Excel. 4. Rectify errors if Any.
Can we export the file from Quality Centre to Excel / Word. If yes then how;Requirement tab– Right click on main Req/click on export/save as word, excel or other template. This would save all the child requirements
 What is Business Component ;Quality Center provides Business Component  for Business Process Testing (BPT). Many Enterprise Applications are a) complex and b) require extensive test scripts/case. A Test /Automation Engineer can not handle both complexity of Application Under Test as well as  extensive test script/test case creation.
How can we save the tests Executed in test lab;"The tests executed, are automatically saved when the user clicks on ""END RUN"" in the Test Lab"
How to export test cases from QTP into QC;To export test cases from QTP to QC, you need to establish QTP-QC connection
How to use QTP as an automation tool in Quality Center ;You need to install QTP add-in in Quality Center (Usually done by Quality Center Administrator) . You then create and store QTP scripts in QC.
How to switch between two projects in Quality Center;In QC 9.0 and above  you can switch between two projects by select Tools>Change Projects>Select Project.
What is the main purpose to storing requirement in Quality Center?;To ensure 100% coverage. Easy Change Management. Ease of Tracking.
What is Coverage status, what does it do;Coverage status is percentage of testing covered at a given time.
how you can customize the defect management cycle in Quality Center;One should gather all the features or attributes that have to be part of the defect management like defect origin, version, defect details, etc.  Later in QC using the modify options, one can change the defect modules accordingly.
what is Test Lab module in Quality Center;Test Lab module helps the tester to execute the created tests.  Using this module one can schedule, run and analyze and post defects.
what is Sprinter in HP-Alm;Sprinter offers advanced functionality and tools to make manual testing more effective and efficiently.  It allows you to accomplish these tasks without disrupting your test flow.  With the help of sprinter, you can execute many of the repetitive and tedious tasks of manual testing automatically.  It includes many tools that can help you to detect and submit defects.
how one can map a single defect to more than one test script;Using the “associate defect” option in TestDirector one can assign the same defect to a number of test cases.
what is ALM workflow;Release Specification. Requirement Specification. Test Planning. Test Execution. Defect Tracking.
