What languages and platforms does your static scanner support?;Veracode allows you to scan Java, JSP, .NET- C#, .NET - VB.NET, ASP.NET, .NET - C+/CLI, C/C+, PHP, ColdFusion, iOS, Android, J2ME, Ruby, Classic ASP, VBScript, VB6, Flash (using Dynamic), COBOL, and JavaScript for mobile and web applications! Our list of supported platforms and languages is always growing
What email notifications will I get from Veracode?;Veracode keeps customers up to date with scan and overall service status via email. Veracode users will receive emails when: Password is changed, Pre-scan verification is complete, Scan is submitted, and Scan has completed.
What is pre-scan verification?;"The Veracode platform performs a preliminary analysis, or Pre-Scan, of your binaries to validate that they can be analyzed and to give you an opportunity to fix problems with the uploaded files before submitting your scan request. The results of the Pre-Scan verification are given as messages in the module table; summary information appears as you select modules to be scanned."
I received an email saying there was an issue scanning my application. What should I do?; Veracode will send a scan failure email if issues are encountered scanning your application. Our engineering team will work with you to resolve any issues like this and ensure scan success.
What is the difference between a Flaw and a Vulnerability?; Veracode scan highlights flaws discovered in a submitted binary. It is important to understand that not all flaws will be exploitable vulnerabilities. A flaw is a potential vulnerability. A flaw is a pattern that is flagged in the analyzed binary that is indicative of a vulnerability. A vulnerability is a hole within the security of a system caused by software flaws, incorrect configurations and/or insecure user behavior. 
What flaw categories do you look for?;Input Validation, Memory Corruption, Numeric Errors, Cryptographic Issues
Why do I upload my binaries to Veracode? Do you also need my source code?;Veracode’s automated static binary analysis reviews the final integrated application without requiring organizations to expose their intellectual property in the form of source code.
Why should I use Veracode instead of a desktop source code analyzer?;Veracode is out to change the world of software by solving this application security challenge in a fundamentally different and better way. Our cloud-based application risk management services platform offers the industry’s most complete, accurate and easy to use application security testing, developer training and application intelligence services.
Why do I need to package my java app as a war file?;Veracode expects Java web applications to be submitted in a standard WAR format. This is so that, regardless of the application server technology being used, Veracode can correctly analyze the data and control flow of the application and understand the application boundaries. Veracode understands standard J2EE application packages, including JAR, WAR, and EAR.
How long will it take to get my results?;Veracode performs a fully automated scan on uploaded applications, including constructing a model of the data and control flow and identifying any flaws. The turnaround time depends on the size and complexity of the application, but on average Veracode analyzes 75% of all uploaded Java applications in six hours or less.
I only see the source file and line number where the issue exists. How can I tell where the attack is coming from?;Each cross-site scripting flaw in the Veracode service carries two types of information: the location at which the flaw is exposed to the end user, and the data or control flow through which a tainted attack string travels to reach the vulnerable part of the code. You can view this control flow in the Call Stack view
I like the Veracode web interface, but I do all my work in my IDE. Can you show me the results there? I also would like to upload my application directly as part of my build script rather than visiting the Veracode UI.;Veracode provides APIs for uploading applications and viewing results, and includes reference integrations to several bugtracking systems and integrated development environments, including Eclipse and Visual Studio.
Does the Veracode Eclipse Plugin work with other Eclipse-derived IDEs?;The Veracode Eclipse Plugin may run on Eclipse-derived IDEs like Spring Suite, but Veracode does not provide support for these IDEs.
How do I check prescan results in the API?;Prescans usually complete very quickly and you receive email notifications when they complete. If you want to check for prescan results using the Upload API, use the getprescanresults.do call.
"How do I run an API scan if there are ""unsupported frameworks"" warnings in my prescan results?";If you want to ensure the scan completes even though there are non-fatal errors such as unsupported frameworks, ensure you use the scan_all_top_level_modules parameter when you use the beginscan.do call. Alternately, you can use scan_selected_modules, scan_previously_selected_modules, or modules with a list of module IDs, returned by the prescan.
How do I use the API to query tags in the Results API?;If you want to query tags in applications, you can add unique tags as metadata when creating your applications. You can then query your applications based on any of the metadata. Use createapp.do to create an application with metadata. Use the following calls of the Results API to get the scan results of applications: getapplist.do to get the full list of your applications and then getappinfo.do to get information for a specific application, including any metadata, if applicable. To get a detailed report for any application, call detailedreport.do, which returns the results in an XML document.
Why does Veracode use passwords for API integrations? I thought passwords were inherently insecure.;Veracode recommends that you change to using the Veracode API ID and key with HMAC signing, where possible, because this method provides maximum protection against man-in-the-middle and session replay attacks. User credential authentication using username and password is only supported on the Veracode XML APIs, which are the legacy APIs, while the REST APIs are the newer APIs that Veracode offers.
